I bought the most cursed kitchen gadgets
and everyone gets more cursed than the
last oh my God the bicycle pizza cutter
actually works is two Pizza Cutters in
one with a normal pizza cutter you
definitely have to go back and forth
more times when you need to open your
bottles though this is the cap gun this
actually works the way I think it's
going to work it is going to be an
absolute Game
Changer it's got magnets on the inside
that keeps the cap in the chamber the
lemon juice sprayer is very strange so
you apparently screw it into a real
lemon and then this is designed to be
able to evenly spray that lemon juice
across your food it works and of course
you can also use it as a refreshing
Spritz the caroto is very literally a
giant pencil sharpener for your carrot
what it actually works and the result is
super presentable just that it turns
your carrot into a deadly weapon the
spaghetti shaped spaghetti spoon is
advertised to be the most spectacular
way to serve pasta it looks absolutely
terrifying but to be fair wow this thing
has some grip